## Ideas From Advay
1. Set up a stand outside the mess, where we ask trivia questions about our movies and if they answer correctly, we give them a piece of gum.
	1. Also, if they are subscribed to the FMaC channel, we give them an additional piece.
2. We can set up shorts on our insta, providing BTS.  
3. Upload challenge videos, where we have a minute to create a story. And at the end we have them vote which is the better story  
4. we have our editors do a drawing contest. As in VFX artists try play a game of charades, based on the film we are trying to promote  
5. Have the camera handlers try to guess which camera is recording based on the footage being played. It will be clips from our  projects.

## Ideas From Harshil
- More collabs with clubs - indirect publicity
- Posters
- Slide slips in people's rooms (maybe too invasive)
- more and better merch. non exclusive merch, but don't advertise the merch
- screening of compilation of best short films
- participation in fest. feels shitty but ppl will atleast know that the club isn't dead.
	- We could have a stand which kind of has a story mode, and we upload the best run on yt. (again, don't advertise this, ask them at the end)
	- For example it could be a kind of team vs team, or a battle royale style.

## Ideas From Amal
1. FMaC merch that actually has solid design (unlike most merch releases in bits pilani) \- like the one bits goa ka fmac has done.
2. We can organise some monthly (or bi-monthly) treasure hunts whose main story revolves around some sub-plot of the FCU.
3. Consistent uploads of humble homages (preferably of movies that aren’t obscure to the general public) or any sort of skit. In addition, we introduce a reel-series where we question BITS ke students on movies or just life in general(but in a way that it relates to movies. for example, if your life was used as the basis of a hollywood/bollywood movie, which one would it be?). Main point here is consistency.
4. During fests, we can help in shooting good quality ads for a big event thats being organised by a club/department (criss ka robowars, arbits ka rocktaves final, etc.), and that too for a fee.
5. Idk if this can happen, but we get some of the faculty to cameo in our movies/reels. This will capture the attention of the students and they would be more interested to see our stuff.

## Ideas From Shaurya
1. Publicity Stunt specific to the movie. For example, we can give a piggyback ride to a sleeping harshil on a busy LTC road and stick the poster of 4D1B to his back. For Mafia we can leave bloody fingerprints on our posters after they have been out for a few days.  
2. have random movie screenings at ANC after the youtube release.  
3. Post in-depth BTS including snippets from scripts, storyboardings, on set jugaads, lightings, and random bakchodi on insta story or as reels  
4. Create the legend that FMaC posters get stolen  
5. Post screening Q\&A Panels with the crew after we have gained sufficient traction  
6. We should do Instagram oriented interviews on all major fests like BOSM, OASIS, and APOGEE of both Outsies and Campus people, so that people share our reels more when they see themselves. Can even employ Food Fest and Bedrock for this. The exact nature of interviews can vary and stay very dynamic.  
7. We should organise our own filmmaking/editing/scriptwriting competitions outside of fests over long weekends or other less stimulated period to garner a greater crowd.  
8. Do a long Film Making Workshop to snatch the attention of freshers.  
9. Collab with institute marketing team to get featured on official pages.  
10. Flyers like what HDC did a few years back which were themed like newspapers

## Ideas from Raafey
1. get a cool prof like gaurav dwivedi or vaidya to tease the movie poster in one of his slides.  
2. sabotage those televisions around nab (or ask admin nicely) and get them to advertise fmac movies instead of a random bharat ratna winner nobody cares about.  
3. collab with epc because press.  
4. know how we still get random notifications from the oasis/apogee app? get aryan to push fmac movie notifs through the apps. dvm should bow down to fmac, as should everyone else
## Ideas from Rathi

1. We can stick QR codes of our videos in the inside of the doors of bathrooms  
	1. And the title would be something like “wanna have fun?”
2. we can also stick these QR codes or stick the thumbnail of the video by fmac on the paper cups or plates in which ANC, Looters, ToTT, DCC and also all the redis sell their drinks.
3. we can ask all the meme pages of our college (or we can provide them the memes and ask them to advertise these memes) to merge our fmac photos with some famous memes on internet or of our college (like Zahal Zansal, Wagh Bakri and all)
4. We can post random people’s reactions to our videos on our insta pages 
5. We can project our films in the mess (if we get a permit)