5 announcements
1. competition captains
	1. database to be made
	2. captain assigned for each competition - s/he doesn't have to take part in it, they are supposed to manage the time and the people. Basically make sure the thing gets made. captain gets 30% of winnings
2. camera usage just for the sake of using it. every weekend. try to make sure everyone does it. 
	1. Cringe content allowed
	2. try doing a humble homage or smth
3. Fmac calendar
	1. everything will be listed
	2. brainstoring session
	3. field trips
	4. poker nights
	5. deadlines
	6. competitions
	7. 2x screenings a month
		1. Start a culture that individuals host screenings and invite people. You can give tickets and snacks to incentivise.
		2. nab or fd1 rooms to be booked, satyam bhaiya will handle that.
4. Fmac awards
	1. At the end of year/sem
5. Summer projects
	1. 3 main categories
		1. Reels
		2. Reviews
		3. Dissections
> learn editing so that editors cant shit on you about yeh shot toh execute hi nahi ho paega
> - Shashank Saha

Advay's project - animation
Work to be distributed over many people, and everyone's different animation style to be used. 

Shaurya's suggests that there should be two more role distinctions 
- DOP, screenplay writer [ I would like shaurya to explain this part]
- Scriptwriter to storyboard properly

Timeline for recruitments - check praneet's mom

focus on recruiting camera handlers. 
We also have too many scriptwriters acc to archisha

harshil's the being idea. It can be a mini series shot during the weekends. 

Mohita di's music video idea
Formal dc collab possible for music video

promo video for 4d1b. car scene from mr bean's holiday.

Amal's ideas
- Merch
	- Internal and External
	- Monthly/bimonthly treasure hunt following subplot of FCU
	- consistent uploads of humble homages
	- help in shooting good quality ads for clubs and departments during fests, and we can charge money. This is not practical as everyone will be very busy. 
	- Cameo of faculty in films
(New ones) 
1. I have noticed that fmac productions dont usually have a color theory for the scenes/ dont have intensive colour grading. For that, im learning as much of colour theory as i can from my side 
2. I questioned actor’s recruitment in fmac and abhinav bhaiya said that the actors recruited were lazy or something(something along those lines). If something can be done towards that matter, it will be fruitful, as more hands on deck = a more swifter and less hectic shoot.

Jayant - 
Cris and Jack youtube channel. 6 min kind of skit where after each sentence there is a twist. 

Photowalks

twitter handle

Shaurya asks for people in film making industry to give a talk in bits. As he's in embryo. Prepare a list. 

